what is up ladies and gentlemen my name
is Brennan and I am here with another
money in the bank prediction video this
time for the big match the main event of
money of the bank the eight-man WWE
ladder match the W II World Heavyweight
Championship ladder match and this is
the big match of the show without a
doubt this is a match I've been looking
forward to for quite some time ever
since it was announced I was beat pretty
hard for it and it's a match I'm really
looking forward to it because I have no
idea who's going to win it I mean I have
ran through so many scenarios through my
head of who could win it how they could
go about it beyond the money in the bank
how it worked out we'll tie in with
SummerSlam and the inevitable return of
Brock Lesnar and whatever things like
that and everything that kind of goes
through my mind I don't know I think the
best thing that I've come up with is
Roman reigns winning I thought Bray
Wyatt was the choice to me at first and
have Bray Wyatt when hold the
championship and then when Daniel
Bryan's ready to go at SummerSlam but
not a tornado champions have Bray Wyatt
loser to Daniel Bryan at least Bray
Wyatt look at his good title reign
submit him as a main event player it'll
give him a title run and it'll give an
opportunity for w/e to test the waters
with gray-white but then another
scenario that kind of popped in my head
was Roman reigns and have a bit of a
summer of Roman reigns summer of reigns
that would be pretty sweet I mean the
only problem I think with that is is
Roman reigns ready for that and the same
could be over the Bray why but I think
Bray Wyatt's more ready than running
reigns I think I'd be saving the Roman
reigns big push for a little longer I
think WrestleMania would suit Roman
reigns a little bit more I'm thinking
Royal Rumble victory I'm thinking 2005
Batista Royal Rumble victory like where
he comes in he wins the big match at the
Royal Rumble earns himself the title
match and then wins the title at
WrestleMania again
some I don't know who who would it be
who knows but you know you know what I'm
saying so I think Roman reigns should
probably go down that route said if you
know winning it now but the rumors is
that John Cena is gonna win this match
and I think the Cena wins that'll almost
make me sick I mean don't get me wrong I
I think Cena's a great competitor I do
like Cena but I'm so tired of seeing him
with the championship I am over seeing
him at the belt I just I don't want to
see Cena this champion anymore I think
we three steps back if they do go that
way another man that I think has an
opportunity to win is Cesaro
I think Cesaro has been derailed he's
lost so much momentum since WrestleMania
I think that's almost out of the picture
and then you have the other guys Kane no
way Sheamus no del rio's no way I think
that's is that everyone and Randy Orton
Rennie one just lost the belt so that's
not gonna happen either so it really is
coming down to reigns Wyatt or Cena in
my book and from the rumors that I've
been told it's gonna be Cena and I think
Cena
that could work though because you have
seen that hold the championship via a
transitional champion hold the belt to
SummerSlam have Leslie come back at
SummerSlam and have Brock blares and
beat the fuck out of Cena at SummerSlam
that have Daniel Bryan come back and
beat Lesnar I think that would be a
decent way to go about it I think if
that was the case if that happened I'd
be okay with that have Lesnar and Cena
go at it again because I've been wanting
to see those two guys have a rematch
that would be a hell of a match once
again the first match was epic so I
would love to see those two guys have
another match and have Cena this time
put Lesnar over and that would be the
way to go and then have Daniel Bryan and
Lesnar a match so I don't know if I
really want to see but I think it could
be good so I don't know let me let me
know what you guys are thinking and
leave your comments in the comment
section down below and I'll see you all
in the next video